this is the most unique e-reader that
you've ever seen it's called the books
Palmer and here are the five reasons why
one it's powerful enough to run full
Android so this has all the apps it has
all your social medias you can watch
YouTube on it if you really want to it's
got a dynamic refresh rate so while e in
displays like this are usually
incredibly laggy and most apps won't
work with them because they need to
refresh faster this thing can Auto adapt
based on what the app wants it's battery
life because of this screen is
absolutely absurd even if you're using
it for 4 hours every single day it will
still last over a week and if you're
conservative well over a month this
isn't just a normal eink screen it's got
the benefits of one the Low IE strain
the paperlike feel but with a 300 pixel
per in resolution as well as
backlighting that kicks in anytime it
decides it needs it oh and finally you
can fit it into your pocket